everybody welcome accident land please
mining lies again - redd+ where we sort
of won the last run but it was a little
dicey and we didn't lose on routes as
well we're starting with a D 100 in
chocolate milk good speed good damage
and actually our rate of fire is
terrible but it's only terrible because
we have chocolate milk so I think 15
rate of fire with chocolate milk might
actually be like 9 out of 10 quality you
know what we owe it to ourselves to have
a Zayn run we haven't had a lot of
there's been like two things that have
not shown up recently one has been full
run rerolls when the other one has been
guppy transformations for whatever
reason these two things used to be like
a once every 2 or 3 run sort of thing
and now they're just you know gone to
the ether wow I'm an idiot ok see what I
was trying to do there was use a bomb to
make some inroads into blowing up other
rocks while also getting a bomb out of
it but I must have been off by like a
little bit so usually when I start the
d1 I I try to go like one floor between
rerolls just to pace myself otherwise
you can you know by the end of the game
there's 40 freakin alternative floors in
this gosh-darn game right now so you can
accidentally end up breakfasting
yourself pretty easily I should have had
that on lockdown love lockdown or
otherwise we also might want to save it
for a good opportunities to actually get
value out of the d6 part of the d20 part
of the reroll like that other room back
there as a bunch of consumables on the
ground for example but right now all
we're rolling in chocolate milk so I
wouldn't necessarily recommend this as a
great idea
yeah I mean I'm not sore about it I mean
we did fine very recently we've had
fairly good performances get the item
room animal reroll fairly good
performances but the gummy
transformation for whatever reason just
has not been showing up as often and
it's not like that's the difference
between winning a loss it's more the
difference between me feeling like this
runs a 10 out of 10 and it's runs an 11
out of 10 this run by the way absent the
d100 which
will almost always give us a win anyway
unless it completely screws us it is
pretty much up there as well but the
rate of fire plus chocolate milk plus
decent damage right off the bed is super
good
not quite arcade level all vials die I
don't know though this is a tough choice
I'm just gonna pick it up let's go for
it it's a tough choice
so curved warned huh
what so mostly cracked crown is tears up
so we get to damage up with with the
digital curved horn but we get three
tiers down this is still very much worth
it still no access here that's fine
though uh yeah so I mean that was
actually a pretty definitive sort of
situation I think cracked crown is
probably worse than a curved horn the
exception might be if you really really
need tiers for some reason but I mean
they're both very good there's no doubt
about it maybe both in the top three
trinkets I think you got to put curved
horn on there I would probably put a
cracked crown and cancer maybe on the
same level but then you've also got to
consider the dark princess crowd with a
bloody crown or whatever the heck that
the trinket version of dark Prince's
crown is called that gives you item
rooms on the womb those are all up there
although I think you might you know
agree with me when I say that I'm over
rating item rooms in the womb actually
like sure getting two extra item rooms
on the womb is very nice but is that
that much more valuable than getting
reroll machines in every item room is
that that much more valuable than
getting an eternal heart every floor
from you know silver dollar and Maggie's
faith respectively I do sometimes think
and I
think we have that like Peter Griffin
syndrome where you know I know da ela
family guy but please I was like 13
years old when that show was in the
height of its popularity that least
means first-run so coming some slack you
know that's when Peter Griffin wins the
game show and they say you can either
have the boat you can have the mystery
box and he says there Louis says take
the boat and then Peter Griffin says no
you got to take the mystery box there
could be anything in the box even a boat
feel that way about item rooms sometimes
an Isaac where you're like ah you know
it of guaranteed HP upgrade who cares
the item room could be anything it could
even be an HP upgrade but I digress
we don't need to get into like what's
the best trinket in the game let's be
honest you've got it like a 90 something
percent win rate and trending pretty
much level I think as far as things are
going right now we're going to wait till
the deal with the devil didn't use our
reroll either on the dealer just after
we take an item in there I never I still
don't understand like when you take and
then reroll versus when you reroll and
then take but it doesn't matter much in
the whole scheme of things because the
d100 again it's like the most
misunderstood item in Isaac it just it
feeds you free wins it's like having the
opportunity to reroll your life until
you get something that like you know
you're okay with you can survive a day
in the life you get to re-roll again so
you know re-roll once and you're like
I'm a prisoner of war okay live a day
reroll okay now I'm the CEO of like
adidas I'll stop here not making light
of serious issues or at least that's not
my intention but from an Isaac related
sort of metaphorical standpoint that's
kind of what we got going on here right
now I mean we started we were like you
know VP of Finance at Samsung or
something like that and now you know
we've rear old out or now we've moved to
where the chief technical officer we're
in the same boat basically it's all good
I I can't believe I've missed the item
room here so odds are we're probably
going to accidentally re-roll into
something that's garbage
or at least more garbage
at some point but I'm I'm okay with this
you've got plenty of time to work our
way through it and get something a
little zanier see what we want is to
reroll ourselves in the Zayn plus power
you know we want to be like a Richard
Branson not just the stuffy old
fuddy-duddy guillotine if it gives us
stat upgrades that are persistent I
don't know why they reverse direction
there but if they give us that upgrades
that are persistent I would like to I
would like to keep it
all right I'm happy that I picked it up
rather so I dukakis to hit in the
bloodstream here give me a moment takes
a second takes a second thinking of like
what we want to reroll what we don't
want to re-roll but there's no reason to
buy the boomerang unless we want to
re-roll immediately and then we get
another item in the shop but the d100
makes you nihilistic man because you're
like okay I can get the boomerang
re-roll it it becomes a pass if I pick
it up but then it gets rear old again
like it never gives us it never gives us
anything persistent which is fine
but at the same time makes me kind of
unattached to any item in particular Oh
I mean we'll take sake bus it'd be good
to get something persistent like nine
lives out of the other side though it's
the same so this is just a straight up
everything downgrade except we got epic
foetus along with it but we're low on
like every stat but epic foetus with
five point five two damage is going to
kill everything in one hit anyway I
think so it's very similar to like mom's
knife and that five point five two
damage doesn't really apply what's nice
is that we can actually reroll right off
the bat as well I don't really want to
do a whole floor with epic foetus
doesn't interest me all that much so
let's throw this out instead all of our
stats stayed exactly the same
except our speed went up that's not very
good it's not very good at all actually
the parasite is nice but okay stick with
this for a flooring then we're good
excuse me sir I've got a bone to pick
okay and I know people they go and I was
going off on another one of his rants I
wanted to be clear that all of my ramps
are men like my brand is making a
self-aware making a big deal out of
things that are very minor but Kate and
I have this you know basically grocery
delivery service it's not like grocery
deliveries it's not like they show up
with a bunch of ingredients that we
asked for it's just like we pick three
meals a week and then they basically
prepare the ingredients and then deliver
them with a recipe so it's even worse
than just getting the food delivered
they're taken liberties because they've
been in there marketing they're like you
know what's for busy people and for
better or worse we do tend to be busy
people even though a lot of that is
self-inflicted I don't necessarily see
that as a mark of personal pride in a
way it's a little bit of like
workaholism but anyway the point is we
we got it partly because it is
convenient and then partly because it's
like all the meals are under 40 minutes
40 minutes might seem like a long time
but it's nice you know because it's 40
minutes where you're making real food
and you're you know making a wholesome
meal sure you could order delivery in 40
minutes and and be fine I guess that the
with the timing it would make sense but
you know we're spending time together as
well but they've been taking liberties
yesterday's Mia I look at it
Bombay chicken I don't know if that's a
real thing but it was pretty delicious
in the end but this is absent the point
of what I'm trying to get at here might
as well take passiveness I suppose and
try to stack up as many items as
possible even if it is transient um so
it was basically like chicken thighs on
basmati rice walking on sunshine
chicken thighs on basmati rice with some
like roasted cauliflower it was pretty
good on the box or not on the Box on the
bag with you
readings it says easy recipe 30 minutes
I want to run something by you here 30
minutes how long is that one more than
29 right what if I told you that step
like three of the recipes was after
seasoning the chicken breasts cook it
for three to four minutes on both sides
you're going okay that's six to eight
minutes of cooking and what is it what
does it say after that apply the
marinade put it in the oven set a timer
for 25 minutes I'm not trying to be rude
to you meal delivery service you say 30
minutes you've given me at the minimum
bound 31 minutes of cooking time do I
look like I was born last night and I
say that you're going to be like oh
they're only off by one minute no no
it's like 1 minute in the perfect
scenario that's like if I ask you how
long it took you to drive to work you
would give me the average amount of time
it takes for you to drive to work
probably you wouldn't give me the oh
it's 3:00 a.m. and there's no traffic on
the road and I'm driving you know one of
those cars that they always have in the
desert where the engine explodes half
the time it's got parachutes that come
out the back of it to slow you down
sets World Records etc etc that's what
they've done at this point so I've come
to the realization you basically just
said they're lying to you you have to
add 15 minutes on either side cuz
sometimes you'd be like ok we got 50
minutes where we're going we know we're
going to be at home so let's cook this
meal it says 30 minutes on it and then
it's 45 minutes and it's like now take
the broccoli out of the oven and put it
in a small bowl with the chili oil and
toss it and you're like this is too much
I actually fully understand Austin then
we got him onto the well I'm not going
to suggest that it was all our idea
because you know using adult as well but
he heard about us using the service and
was like hey there's analogs in my area
I should try it out for myself and then
after like a month or two he's like I
don't want to do this anymore I
understand you know it makes a lot of
dishes it takes longer than you'd expect
and if you're like a Austin's living
that bachelor life right now which I
don't say as a pejorative to be honest
with us say it as a term of endearment
he's at the point in his life right now
where he's like
my body mostly can handle eating takeout
for almost every meal so you know if
it's going to take you the same amount
of time and cost roughly the same I
understand where you're coming from but
I'm sadly I'm past that point in my life
if I don't eat you know three or four
servings of vegetables a day I wake up
the next day and I'm like I'm a
different person like my body just
doesn't feel right it's like why are you
punishing me I wish that things were
like that but it's what it's what
happens man that should be bookworm by
the way this run is like unless we roll
into something so bad we lose an average
of two HP per room for the rest of the
run we're so completely fine that
there's nothing to worry about at all
here what is well reroll the active I
guess so that we can get something like
this is an example Isaac's heart is
something we don't want to have
especially with epic act but let's go
let's give it a chance for a floor he's
got a head like 15 minutes on it
you know you get this 30-minute cooking
time you're pulling it out of the oven
at 45 minutes here like we got five
minutes to eat and I've been lied to
I'm not that salty about it but I just I
wish they were honest because it would
help me plan my time better also
sometimes David I want you're going to
take this as a surprise you're going to
be surprised by this there was a period
you know in college when most people
well the stereotype at least I won't say
most people but the stereotype in
college is like I'm going to eat you
know peanut butter for dinner because
I'm broke and also I don't know how to
cook
I was almost like the antithesis of that
when I was later in college like I had
more free time in college than I had any
other time in the rest of my life
basically except like pre-kindergarten
or something so I was cooking like
mother sauces and you know Olli would
over dinner tonight
ah you know anything sounds good alright
I'll tell you what I'll make a homemade
bechamel and pour that over it you know
there's some roasted chicken breasts it
was a the time of my life where I was
the most culinary active I'm reroll and
this is garbage
so I'm not a stranger when it comes to
when it comes to cooking and my skills
of atrophied alot admittedly but you
know there's like base level culinary
chemistry that sort of just stays there
I think at least but they'll be like
okay this is an easy every bag as a
difficulty on it I don't know why
because I guess they're trying to
promote it for people who are not
skilled or at least experienced in the
culinary department but it's meaningless
because they all have easy I've seen
like two in my entire four months life
with this corporation I don't know if
they're legally a corporation anyway
entity that have not had easy and
they've only had medium so what would
you say is an easy meal sandwich right
PB&J nah son this they'll give you a
little bit of a primer to the bad and
boozy lifestyle here this one was like
okay we got this cauliflower well first
off it was like you know put a cup of
water in a pot pour the rice in set it
to boil and then when it starts boiling
cover it and reduce the heat to low and
simmer for 20 minutes that is easy no
doubt second step was you know take the
chicken thighs salt and pepper them on
both side heat up a skillet a medium
heat put them skin side down when the
skillet gets hot cooking for three to
four minutes per side that's easy
next step once the chicken is done
you're going to take a small baking tray
I'm going to put a little bit of oil at
the bottom they're going to take this
cauliflower you're going to put the
cauliflower spread out and an even layer
on the bottom you're going to put the
chicken breast on top of it from the pan
and then you're going to involve your
oven should be preheated to 425 degrees
Fahrenheit at this point and then you
get ginger garlic yogurt mint uh there's
like a cumin seed plus mustard seed
spice blend then you're going to like
you know with that all together in a
bowl you're going to pour it on top of
the stuff and then you know you kind of
work it around in the baking tray and
then put in the oven for 25 minutes I'm
not suggesting this is a hard meal
necessarily but as far as I'm concerned
anything that has like six steps and
three different cooking methods you know
we had a boiling a frying and a baking
going on here sorry that doesn't get to
be easy anymore that at least puts you
in the medium range sure they're not
saying oh and now you know remove the
spine from the chicken butterfly it and
insert you know your custom herb garlic
butter under the skin they're not saying
that but you know that's I would dispute
that being an easy meal at this point
easy meal is like you know put the
potatoes in the oven fry the steak on
both sides you're good to go this run is
like still solid I'm thinking we should
go too boss rush but often times it ends
up with me accidentally re rolling
myself into breakfast because we just
get too aggressive with it I can't even
remember what the medium one is but
definitely there's some like easy 30
minutes and then it's like you're making
a marinade letting it chill in the
fridge making a sauce frying something
finishing it in the oven and then making
like a starch to go on on the side of it
they look like sometimes it's like a
salad dressing as well you're right you
know this is I signed up for convenience
and now you're you got me making these
uh these meals that admittedly like I
would never make for myself which is
nice because it's you know I get to
experience some dishes I would never
otherwise make probably but just saying
they're taken some liberties with it
wait we have dog too active dude thank
God we got a curved horn because
otherwise we'd be sitting in a terrible
place from a damage standpoint here I
have some of my favorite meals in
University there's I have talked about
this before but this isn't one of the
like super old rehash sort of NL SS bits
that I do from time to time this is like
a genuine like I had good friends in
college and we were doing fun stuff
together every Wednesday in my fourth
year like the recession hit and I don't
I don't know why I say that as if that
matters for a publicly funded university
but either way a lot of like the classes
that I wanted to take were not offered
because they're like well you know we
got less money this year so basically I
had like a the minimum schedule I can
conceivably have and still graduate cuz
I was like you know I want to take
insect biology at night oh yeah we're
not offering that this year are you
crazy you know you can stick around for
another year if you want to take that
but I'm gonna graduate well you know how
much do you want to take insect biology
at five hundred dollars a semester not
that much
obviously we'll take a champion belt
here another luck upgrade is nice wool -
I write that much that's right we're on
this special room I forgot justice but
yeah so like on Wednesdays I had like
one class at 9:00 a.m. or something like
that and then I think that was it for my
whole day so I would always cook dinner
on Wednesdays a year for my housemates
and there's a recipe on YouTube from
America's Test Kitchen called
a high roasted I think it's called high
roasted a whole chicken it's so good but
also know your own kitchen well because
you will set off the smoke detector just
by virtue of this you take a whole
chicken apologies to vegetarians out
there take a whole chicken the night
before requires some preparation you
basically get a big old bowl or pot you
fill it with water you dump in a cup or
two of kosher salt and you let that
thing brine overnight it seals the
juices it makes
nice and juicy we should grab this you
might have a chance at boss rush till
then you know after 12 to 24 hours in
the brine you take it out you you cut
out the spine of the chicken lay it flat
basically like beaded flat so then all
of this skin is going to be all the skin
on one side at least is going to be
exposed to this like super high heat of
the oven you whip up like an oregano and
basil garlic butter put it under the
skin high roast it only takes like 50
minutes or something like that or 40
minutes to cook a whole chicken at 500
degrees Fahrenheit comes out like dark
and crispy wonderful great times
take this we've already fought Krampus
so we might as well just grab this and
go basically we have no teleport I mean
serpents kiss is pretty good but I don't
mean look at our rate of fire rate of
fires 38 I'm not interested in taking in
taking and Serpent's kiss especially
because we're going to be rolling it in
10 seconds anyway
but I will say 38 rate of fire is like
obviously terrible but sharp plug are
sorry sharp pencil made that a lot
better although we still got rid of it
in like record time
anyway that's enough food talk if you're
you know in college you're living alone
or going off to college I really
recommend learning to cook people don't
don't let people they always give you
like not always Rob's really good about
this and I know I usually like take this
opportunity by myself to roast my
colleagues but I have respect that you
know Rob likes to cook complicated meals
sometimes relatively complicated meals I
don't mean anything when I say
relatively complicated I mean that you
know he likes to cook meals with some
pomp and circumstance I'll do this stuff
necessarily great but when like someone
who's not that experienced in the
culinary arts like Austin is like what
should I make
Rob isn't like oh you make the
occasional rains the easiest thing in
the world that
step one of 67 is blah blah blah you
know he's always like you know just cook
like a starch and then fry learn learn
how to like fry meat so that it's not
dry as heck and then you're good to go
you know he always goes to the simple
stuff and it's so easy to be like an
okay chef probably different for
everybody an okay cook maybe I don't
know I don't want to people go to school
to become a chef but for me it basically
came down to like hey cook everything
like slightly less than you think is
right and then it comes out you just
learn you know this has to cook a little
longer than this has to cook a little
longer than this and then you're good to
go it's the easiest thing in the world
save you a lot of money in college as
well until you start making your own
quiche Lorraine conjoined what's up its
your boy conjoined this is not that bad
18 damage eight rate of fire you can
survive live with it thrive don't mind
if I do I'm very surprised that it
appears impossible for us to get a guppy
transformation here by the way if you
don't know how to cook that's also fine
like I'm not trying to say it's a
necessary skill to have as an adult but
I do think it is I do think it's helpful
and I think that people do a bad job I
don't want to you know Dae computer
science 101 but it's like people do the
same thing about computer programs oh I
don't know I could never learn how to
compute a program it's really just like
you know the entire shoes in the morning
that's the same thing that's computer
programming is just you got to learn
like slightly different involved very
different syntax for it
anyway David s cooking dude now if you
learn like three different ways to cook
eggs you never have to eat the same
thing twice you got it under control
twice in a week I should say not twice
after that would be a little ridiculous
restock is almost worth stopping for but
we haven't had a run that really has
made me feel like this is where we want
to be forever
at this point run room two right yeah we
we've really picked up the pace here
that being said there's plenty of skills
that I don't have that you should
probably have as a 28 year old adult I I
can't build anything my brain and I
accept this I think I have a good brain
and not in the you know Tropic Thunder
simple Jack soared away I think I have a
good brain for words for language for
logic to some extent you know I think
for whatever reason either you know
natural acumen or whatever you know
maybe I spend a lot of time as a kid
doing specific puzzles that work in that
area of the brain and I was like just
let it atrophy and then it's always
coming back to me now
but when it comes to visual spatial
sense I'm actually an idiot when people
go NL you're blind you missed something
on the screen I go back sometimes I
watch those videos and I go I am
actually like legally blind like how did
I miss that it's crazy you know I'm the
kind of person like all I have skate
I'll be like okay where's this like
thing I'm looking for and she's like oh
it's in this thing and I go no you don't
understand I need you to give me like
the latitudinal and longitudinal
coordinates of our apartment I need you
to tell me it's in this corner next to
the blank because I don't know where you
know oh it's didn't like the it's in the
bag section I don't know where the bag
section is what's where's the bag
section I was in the closet
okay now I'm on the level now we're okay
but you know I can't build anything
it takes a lot I've gotten better at it
but if you show me like a chair and then
give me the pieces of a chair I will not
be able to put I can
conceive of how it gets put together
genuine we'll take this and then re-roll
I don't think we're gonna fight hush
because it's too dicey on a we have 1.62
damage so I'm really not going to fight
hush but I kind of like this you know
monkey's paw run right here looks like
the left 4 dead 2 logo except it's got a
3 which obviously something something
valid etc etc yeah ok so there you go so
I can't build anything
I'm not very handy I'm not I'm not
particularly good at fixing things what
I am good at is being humbled so I
understand like our dishwasher broke I
wouldn't say that I fixed it but I
looked at the dishwasher and said I
don't know what the heck's going on
there and then I went on Google second
we've got an important Skype message
here ok I went on Google and it wasn't
an important message I googled the make
and model of our dishwasher and then I
would was like there's we had the part
number because the part had come off and
was just kind of sitting in the bottom
of the dishwasher and I googled that and
I got like a video tutorial of how to
fix it and I was like you know I'm glad
I didn't just go oh yeah this goes here
and try to snap it in but I also cannot
drive a stick-shift and I know if you're
European or really into cars and not
European you're probably going what do
you mean you don't know how to drive a
stick shift it's whether you might not
realize it it's not part of driving
culture to the same extent in North
America definitely my dad knows how to
drive a the manual transmission we had a
manual car when I was a kid but ever
since then it's been automatic
transmissions you know oh I didn't mean
to do that but this is so much better
good lord although our speed is garbage
dude just let me out I'm begging you
here I'm trying to there's probably like
various other skills that I'm unaware of
but you know you can't flick an RPG
spec into everything this is this is it
this is the run we're keeping here it's
so good although that's kind of like a
misnomer because I can definitely learn
how to drive stick in like you know
probably like a month I don't know how
long does it take however long it takes
that's how long it would take
do we need piercing shots why don't we
take piercing shots like dead onions the
fears are bigger of because I range it's
so much worse and then black ruin
everything else we got some shots to be
out of it at least um yeah you know you
can't always spend your whole life
worried about you know self-improvement
there's a good chance you're like I've
done it I've learned all the skills
what's left time to die because I'm 90
you know like you got a self-improvement
snice but you gotta take some leisure
time as well not too much but like
enough not to feel well rested the key
not that I know you know the secret to
life but it's you know taking enjoyment
in productivity which sounds like the
title of like the world's worst like
corporate PSA is like the Walmart
employees are trying to unionize quick
show them the gaining employment they're
gaining enjoyment through productivity
video it's extremely patronizing back in
the day the greatest generation used to
take pride in a job well done what
happened no this is it's too far
alright I've crossed over from self
awareness into satire I should learn how
to drive a stick shift but they honestly
like straight up we drive in downtown
Vancouver all the time it's a freaking
Mad Max nightmare dude I'm glad to drive
an automatic have one less thing to
worry about there's that there's a one
intersection I don't know maybe you can
google it on Google Street View I hear
that's a thing that exists it's West
we're sorry he's sixth Avenue at Oak
Street very like fairly well trafficked
thoroughfare it is a 60-degree angle
straight up on a right turn with
four-way stops at every intersection on
the way up I know if you live in San
Francisco you're like I laugh at your
well it would never stick in San
Francisco either you've got nothing to
worry about in that department is saying
that's why sometimes I you know go up
that road and I go thank God even though
the focus is like right after you trying
to get up anyway you get the idea the
Fiesta of course is what I meant
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode of youth a click the like button
upset a great deal of course we have
your on scene one feature but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time